## **Sept 18th Agenda - General Meeting**

|  |  | 
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording  | https://youtu.be/YFlntQntdOc |
| Attending  | Rado Matei, Jeremy Rickard, Carolyn Van Slyck, Urvashi Reddy  |
| Note Taker | Radu Matei  |

**Agenda**
* New people?
* https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/issues/279 (Leah)
    * jrr: does this lead to 1.1?
* Running custom actions in duffle (Urvashi)
* Move cnab-spec, cnab-go, duffle to a non-deislabs repo? (Jeremy)
* Demo dependencies implementation in Porter
    * Maybe set up a separate meeting to discuss dependencies use cases and what would be useful to have in the spec vs. what we thought we would need and didn't really?
* Porter demo from HashiConf: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ciA1YuGOIo4
    * Check it out on your own if you want to see it!
* New contributor changes (carolynvs)
  * Ladder: https://github.com/deislabs/porter/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#contribution-ladder
  * Look for people to promote at our regular meetings
* Updates on [CNAB-Sec](https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/pull/253): split into three (Trishank)
  * 301: Metadata repositories (normative)
  * 302: Signing workflows (normative)
  * 303: Verification workflows (prescriptive)
* Move export code from Duffle to cnab-go (Jeremy)
* Experiment v1/v2 change for OCI index config object (Radu)

**Notes**

* Newcomer: Joe (Pivotal)
* Leah on [issue 279](https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/issues/279): Credentials and Parameters should have the same structure.
  * Glyn: would it be backwards-incompatible?
  * This might have to be 2.0, not 1.0
  * Urvashi: why not just Parameters, and remove Credentials altogether? If the structure is the same, there is no semantic difference between the two.
  * Carolyn: that is not the difference. Credentials are for whoever / whatever is executing the bundle, Parameters are more generic and can be used by anyone or anything. There should be an audit trail that distinguishes the two.
  * It's confusing to have Credentials and Parameters, because the exact differences are not clear. This needs to be resolved in 2.0.
  * Jacob: there needs to be a way to distinguish sensitive vs nonsensitive Parameters. Carolyn says that there is write-only. Jacob thinks this should be clearer in the spec, although Carolyn and Radu say that it was already clarified running up to 1.0.
  * Radu: Do we have other things that are waiting on 2.0?
      * Jeremy: each one should get their own meeting.
  * Summary:
      * This change would be breaking; needs 2.0.
      * There is discussion on sensitive vs. nonsensitve parameters and how exactly to make the change.
      * How to work on this going forward: starting working group to discuss. starting milestone to track 2.0 issues.
* Running custom actions in Duffle.
  * Can run a custom action independent of bundle definition
  * Jacob: should we be able to run a stateless action without a claim?
      * Urvashi and Radu: Yes, you should *only* be able to run *stateless* actions without a claim.
  * Summary: make Duffle only depend on the installation state that is in the claim (for stateful custom actions).
* Should we move everything from the deislabs org to somewhere else?
  * The thinking is to make at least one new, independent-looking org. 
  * Jeremy: we can make new teams to have better access control. a new org is neutral ground for collaboration.
  * Glyn: can we switch to go modules at the same time? Since they both impact consumers & we should minimize the number of times we break imports.
      * Carolyn: two steps to boil the ocean, please. makes it easier to see what broke people. wants people to be able to figure out why their imports broke.
      * Glyn: so get to 1.0 in deislabs, switch to go modules, then switch github orgs.
* Carolyn will demo what dependencies look like in Porter (see the recorded meeting around the 24m mark)
  * We are going to have a separate meeting in the off week 
* Jeremy on CNAB presentations at HashiConf
* Carolyn added a contribution ladder to porter
  * Carolyn: make sure to ask continual contributors in meetings to become maintainers
  * Summary: Carolyn will PR the same contribution ladder to the cnab-spec/cnab-go/duffle repos.
* Trishank talks about the changes to the security spec
    * there is a split between the required and optional aspects of the specification
    * 3 new PRs to accomplish this in the cnab-spec repo
    * Radu encourages everyone interested to join the OCI Slack to discuss security for OCI Artifacts, which face many of the same issues as we do
* Jeremy moved export code from Duffle to cnab-go 
* Newcomer: Chriss T (Citrix) introduced himself
* Radu's going to look at the changes required for representing bundles in the OCI Index. Are they breaking or additive changes?
  * Jacob says dependencies would involve a standard way of referencing / pulling bundles.
  * Radu says Porter already has a stable library for referencing / pulling bundles, but it's not a standard way to do it (Annotations are optional in OCI).
  * We will demo cnab-to-oci next time.

**Action Items**