## **January 30 Agenda**
|  |  | 
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording     | https://youtu.be/a7cqHpTrDTY |
| Attending     | Matt Butcher, Michelle Noorali, Jeremy Riickard, Brain Redmond, Adnan Abdulhussein, Miguel Martinez, Radu Matei, Chris Crone, Gareth Rushgrove, Silvin Lubecki, Carolyn Van Slyck, Matt Fisher, Lachie Evenson, Phil Estes, Augustine Correa, Michele Buccarello, Peter Benjamin, nalla |
| Note Taker     | Jeremy Rickard |

**AGENDA**
* Introductions
    * tldr; Everyone is pretty cool
* The current proposals for storing CNAB in registries
    * Two approaches
    * Chris Crone is attending OCI meetings
* Status report on spec
    * Made changes to how to specify images in the spec
        * Makes it easier to switch registry information
        * Merged
        * Part of larger story for getting OCI registry support
    * Spec evolution defined in [CNAB Spec Section 900](https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/blob/main/901-process.md)
* The current proposal for switching from OpenPGP to TUF
* The changes to the `images` section on the spec.

**NOTES**

* OCI Meeting today will discuss OCI spec adoption
    * https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec#meetings
    * https://www.uberconference.com/opencontainers
* Can OCI dev open containers mailing list be used or will we use another
* As spec changes, we need a way to have example bundles verified
    * Currently checks that duffle can install bundles
    * Can/should add schema validation
* Should Claims be in the spec?
    * Possibly move toward a more componetized spec
    * Add to agenda next week: discuss decomposition of spec 

* Michelle gave an update on Duffle
    * Doing some refactor of builder, split image and bundle 
    * We've created a [waffle.io board](https://waffle.io/deislabs/duffle)

* Move TUF discussion to next week
* If you have tooling demos, feel free to add to the agenda for upcoming weeks
* Michelle: A useful thing as people start proposing/doing conference talks, we should make a repo somewhere that we can store collateral/images/etc for everyone to reuse
    * Should we put it in deislabs?
    * Let's make a community repo

**ACTION ITEMS**

* Matt Fisher and Radu Matei to start working document on how to store CNAB in OCI registries
* Lachie add action item for Agenda next week for spec decomposition
* Michelle and Carolyn to make a community repo in deislabs