## **August 7th Agenda**


|  |  | 
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording | https://youtu.be/ZpNmw8R3DbI |
| Attending | Ryan Moran, Chris Crone, Jean-Cristophe Sirot, Urvashi Reddy, Glyn Normington, Silvin Lubecki, Jeremy Rickard, Darren (Intel), Matt Butcher, Jacob LeGrone, Karen Chu, Radu Matei, Trishank Kuppusamy |
| Note Taker | Radu Matei |

**Agenda**
* New folks
* 1.0 Working Group Approval (https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/blob/main/901-process.md)
    * Matt Butcher: adopted the JDF working group method of releasing a standard
    * next phase after WD is a working group approval, where members vote the approval
    * we want to freeze the core spec at 1.0, and the next step is for the working group to vote
    * see last week's notes for detailed description of the current state (Duffle)
    * Glyn: last week we discussed to freeze the spec for arbitrary changes, to allow Duffle to sync
    * Jeremy: we should freeze the spec, since it's difficult to keep all the tools updated with a moving
    * Matt: open a PR on the spec to specify we're in a freezing period, so core maintainers decide on whether to freeze it or not.
    * Urvashi volunteers to open the 
* Outstanding Duffle issues for 1.0 Core:
    - outputs:
       - https://github.com/deislabs/duffle/issues/747 ([open PR](https://github.com/deislabs/duffle/pull/815))

    - digest validation (WIP - Jeremy): 
        - https://github.com/deislabs/duffle/issues/233,
        - https://github.com/deislabs/duffle/issues/391, 
        - https://github.com/deislabs/duffle/issues/392, 
        - https://github.com/deislabs/duffle/issues/393,
    - core build: 
        - https://github.com/deislabs/duffle/issues/473 ([partial PR](https://github.com/deislabs/duffle/pull/827))
    - binary parameters: https://github.com/deislabs/duffle/issues/320

    - import / export: 
        - https://github.com/deislabs/duffle/issues/455, 
        - https://github.com/deislabs/duffle/issues/494, 
        - https://github.com/deislabs/duffle/issues/495, 
        - https://github.com/deislabs/duffle/issues/513, 
        - https://github.com/deislabs/duffle/issues/466 (also https://github.com/deislabs/duffle/issues/828), 
        - https://github.com/deislabs/duffle/issues/758
    - nil default parameters: 
        - https://github.com/deislabs/duffle/issues/530
        
* Consolidate outstanding issues for import/export and digest validation
* New `cnab-go` release (please review [#82](https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-go/pull/82) and [#85](https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-go/pull/85))
    * Jeremy: copying from Linux container with filepath will reconstruct the path on Windows.
    * after #82 and #85 are merged, new release for cnab-go
* New issue on cnab-to-oci [#58](https://github.com/docker/cnab-to-oci/issues/58) about storing the whole bundle.json in a registry 
    * Silvin: please comment on the approach for the issue
* Trishank can talk about [using GPG on YubiKeys to sign git commits](https://github.com/DataDog/yubikey) for CNAB tools
    * signing tags for Duffle releases
    * https://github.com/DataDog/yubikey
    * demo of using YubKeys to sign commits
* Do we want to outline how runtimes should handle action lifecycle? https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/issues/237
    * Ryan: Duffle treats the install action as success/failure. In a failure, it might fail half way through, and you might have to run upgrade next. Runtimes might choose to implement this differently - does the spec outline how runtimes should react?
    * Chris: docker-app marks failed installation, and uninstall could handle failed installation; upgrade actions could understand failed states, but actual
    * Darren:if it's in a failed state, the spec should specify how runtimes should handle it.
    * Matt: is rollback on failure an option? This puts the work on bundle developers
    * <note taker lost track of the live conversation, check the last part of the recording>
    * Glyn: what if other actions fail? Should 
    * Chris: agrees with Matt, prescribing too much puts the burden on bundle developers
    * please comment on the issue