## September 15th - General Meeting

|  |  | 
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording  |  |
| Attending  | Trishank Kuppusamy, Matt Butcher, Radu Matei, Chris Crone, Vaughn Dice, Ralph Squillace |
| Note Taker |  |

### Agenda

- Welcome new CNABBERS! ðŸ¦€
- Porter was accepted into the CNCF Sandbox! ([link](https://github.com/cncf/toc/issues/533))
- review [`cnab-spec`#384](https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/pull/384) - clarification for `contentDigest`
- vote for the claims spec?
- [`signy`#80](https://github.com/cnabio/signy/pull/80) - finish the verification implementation
- quick update on cnab in GH, in-toto, and signing work

## Notes

- review [`cnab-spec`#384](https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/pull/384)
    - this was a blocker to one of Jacob's PR, and a follow-up adding verification for the content digest on the Docker driver. One more comment to address, but mostly follow-up issues. It needs one more reviewer.
    - Matt: If we merge #384, it is a change in the spec - do we need to release a new minor release, or just an erratum?
    - defer to Chris on this PR
    - Matt: I think it requires a minor release.
    - Chris: I think it requires a minor 
- Voting for the claims spec
    - Vaughn: Carolyn has implemented it in Porter
    - Vaughn: Reading through spec to see if it is ready. Otherwise, I think it is ready for a vote
    - Matt: maybe bring. it to a vote next meeting? Does that give us enough time to go through everything one more time? It would mean a finalized claim spec around October.
    - Vaughn: what is the process for releasing a new spec?
    - Matt: the person who takes lead opens a PR with all appropriate changes, we create a branch from that, core maintainers vote on the issue, then the directors vote on it and mark it as final. For the next time, the person who volunteers who take the lead on this should create the PR for the spec.
- Ralph updates on GH status
    - CNAB bundles work in the new GH registry (using Docker Distribution in the backend). Thanks to Chris and team for all of that work. And to Radu for all the extra work.
    - Porter action in GitHub marketplace works for pushing to GH registry, but pull still needs a little work. (Media type is not recognized) Same is true for CLI
    - Ralph will open a proof of concept repo
    - Ralph, Santiago and Trishank discussing rudimentary In Toto signature trees--and how to start this process. Approach GH to create a preview?
    - First target is to demonstrate with this that metadata can be attached to a bundle, with validation endpoint
    - Trishank: Theoretically, signy is ready for use in that last step
    - Trishank: Add in-toto links to make it work should be easy. Hard part will be making the root layout
    - Ralph: We can limit the scope of the signing chain using GitHub's roles, and that might make it possible to rely on the tooling for most of the main process
    - Radu: Does that interact with the CODEOWNERS file? Do we need an owners file for the root layout?
    - Trishank: Worth looking into, but not necessary
    - Ralph: Next issue will be getting people to use this, and GH itself might be the ones to push this. "Give professional tools to the entire world."
    - Requirements for having something working: Notary endpoint on registry side, and signy support for the entire workflow
- Signy #80
    - Radu: Trishank has done most of the work to make this happen.
    - Radu: Last step is to perform the verification step. It was working before; just needs to be re-enabled
    - Trishank/Radu: Convention for doing delegation is our first step
