## September 2nd - General Meeting

|  |  | 
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording  |  |
| Attending  | Simon Davies, Ralph Squillace, Matt Butcher |
| Note Taker |Matt Butcher |

Informal checkin on things.
- Claims and Reg spec discsussion defered
- Work with GitHub to add support (via MS)

Meeting adjourned early
