## June 3rd - Security and Registry Meeting

|  |  | 
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording  | https://youtu.be/4gpaGRdi_XU |
| Attending  | Trishank Kuppusamy, Chris Crone, Radu Matei |
| Note Taker |  |

### Agenda

* review [`signy#75`](https://github.com/cnabio/signy/pull/75)
    * LGTM
* discuss airgapped scenario addition to the spec
    * there is a non-normative 805 section in the specificatin that talks about disconnected scenarios - we could add a section about signing and verifying bundles here, and point to it from the security specification.

* final review for security spec draft
* review [`cnab-spec#362`](https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/pull/362) and approval for the registry spec draft to get merged?
