## June 17th - Security and Registry Meeting

|  |  | 
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording  |  |
| Attending  | Trishank Kuppusamy, Radu Matei |
| Note Taker |  |

### Agenda

* Welcome new CNABBERS! ðŸ¦€
* [Review CNAB-Sec #369](https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/issues/369)
  * [Discuss airgapped environments #370](https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/pull/370)
      * Radu to ask one more spec maintainer to review.
      * it needs one more spec approver
  *  Radu: write about registries which support Signy
      *  This is no longer urgent needed for the spec, since it will be part of the non-normative section of the spec.
    * [Move known implementations to non-normative section](https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/pull/375)
        * ~~typo in file weight (805/806).~~
        * it needs one more spec approver.
* Open PR to call for final vote on CNAB-Sec 1.0
* [Delegate to targets/releases per extended MVP #80](https://github.com/cnabio/signy/pull/80)
    * help with the verification part
    * add Signy delegations work to Notary v2 meeting
