## Feb. 19th - General Meeting

|  |  | 
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording  | https://youtu.be/7NwRgeLlshs |
| Attending  | Silvin Lubecki, Carolyn Van Slyck, Radu Matei, Chris Crone, Jacob LeGrone, Vaughn Dice, Ben Whiting, Ralph Squillace, thomhane, Karen Chu, Trishank Karthik Kuppusamy |
| Note Taker | Carolyn Cnabby Van Slyck |

### Agenda
- Welcome new CNABBERS ü¶Ä
- (delayed as no butcher is here) Vote on [cnabby the crab](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/CEX1W7WMD/p1581531593127100) as our official autocompletion mascot
- CNAB registry spec (Chris Crone/Docker)
- CNAB Security (Radu M)
    - moved Signy to [`github.com/cnabio/signy`](https://github.com/cnabio/signy)
    - need formal core maintainers
    - ongoing Notary v2 discussion - gathering requirements in [this repo](https://github.com/notaryproject/requirements)
- (carolynvs) Question: When we bump the spec, e.g. 1.0.1, what is the expected behavior for a tool, maybe an older version of a tool, when it loads a bundle that targets 1.0.1 and the tool was written for 1.0.0? Or other variations?
- Governance:
    - Factorize or add template of the governance description at organization level
    - Update rules to better fit with the current process
    - Standard governance, contribution guidelines, (maybe developer guide?), code of conduct reference for all repositories (Radu M)
- re-upping [#285](https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/issues/285) to think about where that is
- cnab-spec PR reviews:
    - https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/pull/331 (vadice)
    - https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/pull/330 (vadice)
    - add'l: https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/pulls (handful from Butcher)
- example bundles in duffle repo: https://github.com/cnabio/duffle/pull/888
- CNAB to OCI call for maintainers (Chris/Silvin)
- KubeCon EU (Chris)
- Action field to top level in claims: https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/issues/328 (Jacob)

### Notes

* delayed vote on cnabby because Butcher is sick
* Chris: write down as part of the spec how we store bundles using cnab-to-oci, looking for volunteers. Will discuss further on the off-week meeting (registry/security) with help from Radu and DataDog.
* Radu: How do we want to propose the work for the new media type? It's been proposed by Radu to OCI months back and pushed back on. (ded ü¶Ä) Ralph will help revive with a hammer.
* CNAB Security (Radu M)
    * Moved signy to cnabio üéâ
    * Looking for more maintainers/codeowners, even if you are new to the security spec. Radu will help mentor.
    * We need to write docs, and Radu has been identifying other low-hanging fruit.
    * Open discussion/issue with registries about notary v2, gathering requirements especially around airgapped scenarios. Want to present to them what we need for CNAB.
    * Pause to make fun of Ralph.
* Should tools that targeted older patch versions of CNAB support newer patch versions of CNAB?
    * (carolynvs) We should open an issue to discuss forward and backward compatibility behavior and update the spec to clarify. https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/blob/main/901-process.md#versioning
* We have noticed drift in some of our governance and community docs that we copy between all of our repos. Instead of copying between all of them, let's get a common copy that it is up to date in the community repo, and link to them. Then open a PR to discuss changing them to match how we really operate today. carolyn (make issues), radu, silvin to follow-up (rubber-stamp brigade)
* Declartive Installation Support (https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/issues/285) Zombie Issue üßü‚Äç‚ôÇÔ∏è
    * Ralph will schedule a one-off meeting with interested people to discuss this further and split off issues from it since it's pretty far ranging.
* Please review
    * https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/pull/331 - Use https in our schema refs
    * https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/pull/330 - Use regex that works with go
    * https://github.com/cnabio/duffle/pull/888 - Move example bundles from separate repo into duffle
    * After 888 is merged, we will deprecate the example-bundles repo.
* Discussed consumers of the example bundles and agreed that they are useful for us, people who work on the spec and tools that work with the spec. They aren't targeted for people who are learning how to write bundles. Ralph will write up text that explains this so that people don't stumble on them and are confused.
* cnab-to-oci is also looking for contributors and maintainers! üòé
* (Ralph) We should look at Josh Dolitski's work with the OCI registry validator to think about if this could work well for CNAB to also check if registries are CNAB (cnab-to-oci) compatible.
    * https://github.com/opencontainers/distribution-spec/tree/master/conformance
    * https://oci-distribution-conformance-results.s3.amazonaws.com/dockerhub.html
* Chris has a talk at KubeKHAAAAAAAAN! Let him know if you have cool CNAB stuff that should be mentioned
    * There will be meetings about notary and oci.
    * We want to setup a cnab meeting, Ralph will help figure out how to get a room.
* https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/issues/328 - move action to a top level claim
    * Radu, Jacob and Carolyn will make a draft for splitting result from claim and make sure we are happy with how we are representing claims (this is all related to perhaps using claims to do too much)
